[Music]
a place where
everything had stayed the same for
generations
they've always known that someday change
would come
but no one expected it to come home with
the girl next door
[Music]
[Applause]
he's like nothing they've ever seen
nothing they've ever heard i don't want
to be rude or anything but miss warner
you're giving me a semi you distract him
i'm going to hit him over the head with
a shovel
so basically we're not going to be
hanging out no
but after spending a little time
together you're just an old hacker
disguised as an idiot why don't you um
put a little makeup on the great
american family you don't like it do you
oh no i think i do
we'll never be the same again let's chow
down here and munch
some grinding and he'll turn one
small town into one huge party check out
the wood that i created for him
[Music]
you're okay
the son-in-law what do you think their
kids are gonna look like
[Music]
you